---
episode: 61
date: "2020-05-26"
youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYBa3OZ5AzA
topics: supreme court
summary: >-
  Professor of Law at St. John's University in New York City, teaching
  Constitutional Law, Criminal Procedure, and Legal History
---
John Q. Barrett is a Professor of Law at St. John's University in New York City, where he teaches Constitutional Law, Criminal Procedure, and Legal History. During the current semester, Professor Barrett is teaching Constitutional Law II and a Dean's travel course, Comparative Legal Systems: Munich & Nuremberg. He also is the Elizabeth S. Lenna Fellow and a Board member at the Robert H. Jackson Center in Jamestown, New York. Professor Barrett is a graduate of Georgetown University and Harvard Law School.

Work on Justice Jackson: Professor Barrett is writing a biography of the late U.S. Supreme Court Justice and Nuremberg prosecutor Robert H. Jackson (1892-1954). This work will include the first inside account of Justice Jackson's service, by appointment of President Truman, as the chief prosecutor at Nuremberg, Germany, of the principal surviving Nazi leaders following World War II. The Jackson List: Professor Barrett regularly sends email to thousands of subscribers around the world who are interested in Justice Jackson and related topics. To read archived copies of past Jackson List posts, click here. To join the Jackson List, a one-way list that does not display recipient identities or email addresses, send a "subscribe" note to barrettj@stjohns.edu.
