---
episode: 277
date: "2020-12-28"
crowdcast: https://www.crowdcast.io/e/in-lieu-of-fun-episode-171
youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dColrfNYjgo
summary: Discussing Yaya Fanusie's new paper, "Central Bank Digital Currencies: The Threat From Money Launderers and How to Stop Them."
---
Wherein we are joined by Yaya J. Fanusie to discuss his new paper, "Central Bank Digital Currencies: The Threat From Money Launderers and How to Stop Them."

Yaya is an Adjunct Senior Fellow at the Center for a New American Security (CNAS). His research focuses on the national security implications of cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology. Yaya spent seven years as both an economic and counterterrorism analyst in the CIA, where he regularly briefed federal law enforcement, U.S. military personnel, and White House-level policy makers—including President George W. Bush whom he personally briefed on terrorism threats.

After leaving government service, Yaya worked for a small consulting firm focused on financial asset recovery cases involving global corruption. Later, as director of analysis at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies’ Center on Sanctions and Illicit Finance, Yaya led research work on sanctions evasion, terrorist financing, and Bitcoin money laundering. Yaya has testified before Congress multiple times on illicit financing issues. He has appeared on CNN, Fox News, and has been quoted in the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, and the Washington Post. Yaya blogs at Forbes and is a frequent public speaker on topics involving cryptocurrencies and U.S. national security.
