---
episode: 46
date: "2020-05-11"
youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujT6UH-Zgrk
topics: Facebook oversight board
summary: A dialogue with members of the new Facebook Oversight Board
links:
    - title: Business Insider
      url: https://www.businessinsider.com/facebook-announces-first-members-oversight-board-instagram-2020-5
---

## Meet the Facebook Oversight Board

with Jamal Greene, Nicholas Suzor, and John Samples

- Jamal Greene is the Dwight Professor of Law at Columbia Law School, where he
  has taught courses on constitutional law, comparative constitutional law, the
  law of the political process, the First Amendment, and American federal
  courts. His scholarship focuses on constitutional rights adjudication as well
  as the structure of legal and constitutional argument.

- Nicolas Suzor is a Professor at the Law School at Queensland University of
  Technology, where he helps lead QUT’s Digital Media Research Centre. He is
  also a Chief Investigator of the ARC Centre of Excellence for Automated
  Decision-Making and Society. His research examines the governance of the
  internet and social networks, the regulation of automated systems, digital
  copyright, and knowledge commons. He is the author of the 2019 book *Lawless:
  the secret rules that govern our digital lives*.

- John Samples is a Vice President at the Cato Institute. He founded and now
  directs Cato’s Center for Representative Government, which studies freedom of
  speech, the First Amendment and other aspects of American political
  institutions. He is currently working on an update to his monograph, "Why
  Government Should not Regulate Content Moderation of Social Media".

  He is also the author of *The Struggle to Limit Government: A Modern
  Political History*, and *The Fallacy of Campaign Finance Reform*, as well as
  the co-editor with Michael McDonald of *The Marketplace of Democracy*.

  Prior to joining Cato, Samples served as Director of Georgetown University
  Press for eight years, and before that, as Vice President of the Twentieth
  Century Fund.
