---
episode: 85
date: "2020-06-19"
youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ud0juduEvEc
summary: >-
   Discussing the history and ongoing impacts of white supremacy;
   the growth of white supremacy as an international phenomenon
links:
    - title: NPR
      url: https://www.npr.org/2019/03/17/704209677/how-white-supremacist-ideology-spreads
---

Belew specializes in the recent history of the United States, examining the
long aftermath of warfare. Her first book, *Bring the War Home: The White Power
Movement and Paramilitary America* (Harvard, 2018), explores how white power
activists wrought a cohesive social movement through a common story about the
Vietnam War and its weapons, uniforms, and technologies. By uniting previously
disparate Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazi, skinhead, and other groups, the movement
carried out escalating acts of violence that ricocheted through Latin America,
southern Africa, and the United States, revealing white power as a
transnational phenomenon.

*Bring the War Home* shows how this paramilitary fringe movement augmented,
clashed with, and challenged other militarizations in the same time period,
including paramilitary foreign policy and extralegal intervention, militarized
policing, and the growth of the carceral state. White power activists often
collided with refugees displaced by US warfare, and reinforced state border
patrols at home and covert interventions abroad. While some have understood
these actors as part of a culture of masculinity, white power paramilitarism
was also a cohesive social movement comprising a wide range of activists and
supporters, including women and families. This account connects the overtly
racist organizing of the 1980s with the militia movement, culminating in the
1995 Oklahoma City bombing.
