---
episode: 175
date: "2020-09-17"
season: 1
youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9MJPx0f2zUY
summary: Discussing the wild speeches and conduct of Attorney General Bill Barr
---
We are joined by Bianna Golodryga, senior global affairs analyst for CNN.

Prior to joining CNN full-time, Golodryga served as co-anchor for "CBS This Morning." In that role, she led the network's coverage of President George H.W. Bush's funeral and conducted numerous news-making interviews, including an exclusive with the CEO of Huawei, his first with a U.S. journalist.

Golodryga began her career in television news in 2001 as a bureau producer from the New York Stock Exchange for the cable news channel, CNBC. Prior to her career in television, Golodryga worked in the financial services sector.

In 2017, Golodryga also joined CNN part-time as a contributor. Her expertise in financial news and Russian political affairs contributed to CNN's coverage of everything from stock market volatility, the President's historic 2018 summit with Vladimir Putin in Helsinki, to the Mueller investigation. In August 2017, Golodryga reported from her hometown of Houston, covering the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey. She led CBS News coverage of major breaking news including the Las Vegas concert shooting and the funeral of First Lady Barbara Bush.

Golodryga was the news and finance anchor for Yahoo News and before that, she co-anchored "Good Morning America's" weekend edition, as well as serving as ABC News' Business Correspondent.

Golodryga has received several awards and recognition, including the Keystone Policy Center Leadership Award, the University of Texas at Austin Pro Bene Meritis Award, and an Emmy Award for Outstanding Morning Program, Good Morning America.

She graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, where she received a bachelor's degree in Russian/East European and Eurasian Studies and a minor in economics. She is fluent in Russian.

### References

- [Wolf Blitzer interviews Bill Barr on CNN](https://www.cnn.com/2020/09/03/politics/bill-barr-wolf-blitzer/index.html)
- [Bill Barr at Hillsdale College on 16-Sep-2020](https://soundcloud.com/hillsdale-college/william-p-barr-91620) (audio)
