---
episode: 253
date: "2020-12-04"
crowdcast: https://www.crowdcast.io/e/in-lieu-of-fun-episode-147
youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7ySnQu3SzE
---
We are joined by David Kaye, a clinical professor of law at the University of
California, Irvine, and the former United Nations Special Rapporteur on the
promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression
(2014-2020). His 2019 book, "[Speech Police: The Global Struggle to Govern the
Internet][book]" (Columbia Global Reports), explores the ways in which companies,
governments and activists struggle to define the rules for online expression.

Appointed by the UN Human Rights Council in June 2014, David served through
July 2020 as the global body’s principal monitor for freedom of expression
issues worldwide. He reported to the UN on COVID-19 and freedom of expression
and, in 2019, to the UN General Assembly on online hate speech.

His earlier reporting addressed, among other topics, the ways in which
Artificial Intelligence technologies implicate human rights issues, the global
private surveillance industry and its impact on freedom of expression, growing
repression of freedom of expression globally, encryption and anonymity as
promoters of freedom of expression, the protection of whistleblowers and
journalistic sources, the roles and responsibilities of private Internet
companies, and the regulation of online content by social media and search
companies.

He conducted official missions to Japan, Tajikistan, Turkey, Mexico, Liberia,
Ecuador and Ethiopia, and regularly addressed major policy and academic
conferences dealing with free expression, technology and media freedom
worldwide. Together with the regional monitors of freedom of expression in
Europe (OSCE), the African Commission on Human and People’s Rights, and the
Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, he joined six Joint Declarations on
major contemporary challenges for free expression and independent media
worldwide.


[book]: https://globalreports.columbia.edu/books/speech-police/
