---
episode: 214
date: "2020-10-26"
youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-UKI6az9s3Q
summary: Discussing foreign interference in the U.S. elections
---
We are joined by Laura Rosenberger, director of the Alliance for Securing
Democracy.

Rosenberger is a senior fellow at The German Marshall Fund of the United States
(GMF). Before she joined GMF, she was foreign policy advisor for Hillary for
America, where she coordinated development of the campaign’s national security
policies, messaging, and strategy.

Prior to that, she served in a range of positions at the State Department and
the White House’s National Security Council (NSC). As chief of staff to Deputy
Secretary of State Tony Blinken and later senior advisor in his role as Deputy
National Security Advisor, she counseled on the full range of national security
policy.  In her role at the NSC, she also managed the interagency Deputies
Committee, the U.S. government’s senior-level interagency decision-making forum
on our country’s most pressing national security issues.

Laura also has extensive background in the Asia-Pacific region, particularly
Northeast Asia. She served as NSC director for China and Korea, managing and
coordinating U.S. policy on China and the Korean Peninsula, and in a variety of
positions focused on the Asia-Pacific region at the Department of State,
including managing U.S.–China relations and addressing North Korea’s nuclear
programs.

She also served as special assistant to Under Secretary of State for Political
Affairs Bill Burns, advising him on Asia-Pacific affairs and on
non-proliferation and arms control issues. Laura first joined the State
Department as a presidential management fellow.
