---
episode: 641
date: "2022-05-25"
crowdcast: https://www.crowdcast.io/e/in-lieu-of-fun-episode-297
youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVisRYZpoKE
summary: Discussing the U.S. abandoning strategic ambiguity with respect to Taiwan
---
Julian is the Maurice A. Deane Distinguished Professor in Constitutional Law and Professor of Law at Hofstra University. His primary research interest is the relationship of international law to constitutional law. He has also conducted academic research on a wide range of topics including international dispute resolution, international criminal law, and China's relationship with international law. He co-founded the leading international law blog Opinio Juris, which is read daily by thousands worldwide. He is also a contributing editor to Lawfare, a leading blog analyzing national security issues. He served as a law clerk to the Honorable Jerry E. Smith of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit and as an Olin Fellow and Lecturer in Law at the University of Virginia Law School. Professor Ku also practiced as an associate at the New York City law firm of Debevoise & Plimpton, specializing in litigation and arbitration arising out of international disputes. He has been a visiting professor at the College of William & Mary Marshall- Wythe School of Law in Williamsburg, Virginia; a Fulbright Distinguished Lecturer in Law at East China University of Political Science and Law in Shanghai, China; and a Taiwan Fellow at National Taiwan University in Taipei, Taiwan. He is a member of the New York Bar and a graduate of Yale College and Yale Law School.
